PHAN TRAN SON BAO

0938009294 | sonbao0901@gmail.com | https://github.com/sonbao0901 |

https://www.linkedin.com/in/phantransonbao/

About

I am a senior student at the University of Economics in Ho Chi Minh City, majoring in Data Science. With a big passion for working with

data and models and I am eager to gain more experiences from realistic problems in a company. I am a dedicated person and a

collaborative teammate. I find working with data and models to be both challenging and rewarding, and I am always looking for new

things to learn and improve my skills, gain more valuable experiences. I am currently seeking a internship position in the fields of Data

Science. I am excited to be a part of your company and contribute my skills and knowledge to your company.

Education

University of Economics, Ho Chi Minh City - Viet Nam

Bachelor Degree in Data Science (2020-2024)

Cumulative GPA: 7.6/10

Certifications

HackerRank SQL, Python (Basic) Certificate

HackerRank Problem Solving (Intermediate) Certificate

Coursera Google Data Analytics Certificate

Coursera IBM Data Analyst Certificate

Coursera IBM Data Science Certificate

Projects

Supermarket Analysis And Do Customer Segmentation. (Team)

Preprocessing data with python, normal EDA, using RFM method to analysis and label data.

Visualize plot/chart using matplotlib and seaborn.

Doing tests to see if there is a the differences or dependances between 2 feature.

Using data after doing RFM and RFM label to predict customer segmentation with SVM model and evaluate the model.

Predicting Whether A Client Subcribe A Term Deposit Or Not With Deep-Learning Model.

Preprocessing data: checking missing values, encoding, balancing data target,….

Visualize plot/chart using matplotlib and seaborn.

Building deep learning model with various values of hyperparameters (layers, neurons, batch_size,…).

Compare models and choose the best model for the data.

Crawl Data From Facebook To Do Sentiment Analysis, Build Personal Recommender System and Text Summarization.

Crawl data from Facebook.

Preprocessing text with nltk, pyvi.

Preprocessing react and do basic analysis.

Using pre-trained model to do sentiment analysis and compare them.

Using K-Nearst Neighbor and TF-IDF to build a basic recommender system for text.

Using pre-trained model to do text summarization and evaluate.

Skills

Language: Python (pandas, numpy, sklearn, tensoflow,..), SQL.

Visualization: Power BI, Python (matplotlib, seaborn).

Others: Excel (pivot table, visualize), Word, PowerPoint.

Pursing: Statistic, Machine Learning, Deep Learning.

